Improvement TiDB integration (#874)
DataDog/integrations-extras: tidb/README.md

## Overview

> Connect [TiDB][1] Cluster to Datadog in order to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect [TiDB][1] cluster to Datadog in order to:
```

- Collect key TiDB metrics of your cluster.
- Collect logs of your cluster, such as TiDB/TiKV/TiFlash logs and slow query logs.
- Visualize cluster performance on the provided dashboard.

> Note: TiDB 4.0+ is required for this integration. Integration of TiDB Cloud with Datadog is not available now.

## Setup

### Installation

> First, [Download and launch the Datadog Agent][8].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, [download and launch the Datadog Agent][8].
```

Then, manually install the TiDB check. [Instructions vary depending on the environment][10]. 

> Current TiDB integration version: `1.0.0`

#### Host

Run `datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-tidb==<INTEGRATION_VERSION>`.

#### Containerized

> The best way to use an integration from integrations-extra with the Docker Agent is to build the Agent with this integration installed. Use the following Dockerfile to build an updated version of the Agent:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best way to use this integration with the Docker Agent is to build the Agent with this integration installed. Use the following Dockerfile to build an updated version of the Agent:
```

```dockerfile
FROM gcr.io/datadoghq/agent:latest

ARG INTEGRATION_VERSION=1.0.0

RUN agent integration install -r -t datadog-tidb==${INTEGRATION_VERSION}
```

> Build the image and push it to your private docker registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build the image and push it to your private Docker registry.
```

> Then, upgrade the Datadog agent container image. If the Helm chart is used, modify the `agents.image` section in the `values.yaml` to replace the default agent image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, upgrade the Datadog Agent container image. If the Helm chart is used, modify the `agents.image` section in the `values.yaml` to replace the default agent image:
```

```yaml
agents:
  enabled: true
  image:
    tag: <NEW_TAG>
    repository: <YOUR_PRIVATE_REPOSITORY>/<AGENT_NAME>
```

> Use the new `values.yaml` to upgrade agent:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the new `values.yaml` to upgrade the Agent:
```

        path: "/tidb-deploy/tiflash-9000/log/tiflash*.log"
        service: "tidb-cluster"
        source: "tiflash"
   ```

   Change the `path` and `service` according to your cluster's configuration. 
   

>    You can use these commands to show all log path:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Use these commands to show all log path:
```

   
   ```shell
   # show deploying directories
   tiup cluster display <YOUR_CLUSTER_NAME>
   # find specific logging file path by command arguments
   ps -fwwp <TIDB_PROCESS_PID/PD_PROCESS_PID/etc.>
   ```

3. [Restart the Agent][4].

#### Containerized

##### Metric collection

> For containerized environments, after the installation of TiDB integration to Datadog agent image, auto-discovery is configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For containerized environments, after the installation of TiDB integration to Datadog Agent image, Autodiscovery is configured.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For containerized environments, after the TiDB check is integrated in the Datadog Agent image, Autodiscovery is configured by default.
```

> Thus, metrics is automatically collected to Datadog server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, metrics is automatically collected to Datadog's server.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thus, metrics are automatically collected to Datadog's server.
```

> If you need to override default auto-discovery behavior, add Datadog annotations to TiDB Pods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to override default Autodiscovery behavior, add Datadog annotations to TiDB Pods:
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need to override the default Autodiscovery behavior, add Datadog annotations to TiDB Pods:
```
